- [Instructor] There's one final thing we'll need to do
as the maintainer to complete the GitFlow Workflow.
The maintainer needs to update the develop branch
with the latest changes.
Remember that we made a minor QA fix
to the release candidate branch
that was only merged into the master branch.
That change needs to be pulled into the development branch
so that future feature branches
that are branched off of develop include the fix.
Let's build out that merge request
so that we can get develop up to date.
So click on Merge Requests on the side bar
and then I'm going to click
on the New Merge Request button.
I'm going to select master as my Source branch,
and then I'm going to select develop
as the Target branch.
I'll then compare the branches
and the Merge Request form
will provide me with a title for the merge request.
We can see that the Source branch is master,
the Target branch is develop.
It's exactly what we want to do.
We see the Commits that will go into develop.
So let's go ahead and submit that merge request.
Then as the maintainer I can go ahead
and click on the green Merge button to update develop.
And at this point our development branch
is now synced with master.
So master and develop are in alignment
and we can start building feature branches
off of develop and continue the cycle
of the GitFlow Workflow.
So that completes the walkthrough of GitFlow.
We saw how changes can flow
from a developer's work station
all the way to the master branch
where the changes are actually out in the production system.